The meeting is discussing the functional design of a remote control. The company has decided that teletext is outdated and the remote control should only control the TV and not other devices such as VCR, DVD, etc. The company also wants the remote control to have a corporate color and slogan. The meeting is also discussing the design of the remote control. The presenter is showing examples of existing remote controls and explaining that the company wants a simple and easy-to-use remote control with basic functions. The presenter also suggests that the advanced functions should be hidden in a drawer from the bottom of the remote control. The meeting is open for discussion and the attendees are encouraged to share their ideas and preferences.

### Assistant: The first meeting was held to discuss the functional design of a remote control for a TV. The attendees were introduced to each other and familiarized with the equipment. The company has decided that teletext is outdated and the remote control should only control the TV and not other devices such as VCR, DVD, etc. The company also wants the remote control to have a corporate color and slogan. The attendees were also shown examples of existing remote controls and were encouraged to share their ideas and preferences. The meeting was open for discussion and the attendees were encouraged to provide input.


The group is discussing the design of a remote control. They have identified the need for a remote control that offers simple and basic functions such as on/off, volume and channel control, and skip to certain channels with numbers. They also discussed categorizing the different controls in terms of control types, with the habitual ones placed within easy reach and others concealed. The group also discussed the possibility of adding more advanced features such as audio and display setup, and a mute button. They also discussed the possibility of having a wireless remote control.


The person is summarizing a meeting where they have collected information about customer needs, trends, and the company's vision of fashion in electronics. They are looking at the current state of remote controls and identifying what people dislike about them and what they would like to see in a new remote control. They are considering the target audience and what features they would like to include in the remote control. They also want to make the remote control fashionable and easy to use.


The group is discussing the design of a remote control for a TV. They are considering the target market and what features they should include. They are aiming for a market of young professionals aged between 15 and 35 who are likely to have expendable income to spend on this type of product. They are considering including speech recognition as an option, but not a requirement. The group is also considering the weight and durability of the remote, as well as the possibility of including an LED indicator to show when the remote is working. The group is considering the budget and how much a remote control will cost, with a target of around 25 euros. They are also considering the target market and what features they should include in the remote control.


The group is discussing the design of a remote control device. They are considering different features and components such as a user interface, power source, and transmission technology. They are also considering the limitations of different technologies and how to add more functionality to the remote control. The goal is to create a user-friendly remote control that is easy to use and durable.


The group is discussing the design of a remote control for a TV. They are considering the features and functions that should be included in the remote control. They are also discussing the transmission method, such as using infrared or voice recognition, and the power source, such as using regular batteries or including a charging unit. They are also considering the target market and the price of the remote control. The group is aiming to finalize the design of the remote control and its functions and transmission method by the next meeting.


The group discussed the next steps for the project. They agreed to have lunch and then work on the next stage of the project. The Industrial Designer will think about the components concept, the User Interface Designer will think about the user interface, and the Marketing Expert will think about trend watching. Specific instructions will be given to each team member. The group also decided to use a "bucket" system to categorize discussion topics. The device functions category will include things like power and volume, the audio category will include things like bass and volume, the visual category will include things like brightness and color, and the video category will include things that can be seen like movies and TV shows. The group also discussed the importance of making the remote control look good and being easy to hold.
