The group is discussing the conceptual design of a remote control. They will be discussing component design and the energy source, buttons, case, and circuit board. They will also be considering using visible light instead of infrared to make the remote more interesting and fun. They will also be looking at other manufacturers to find a suitable energy source. The group will also be considering different case materials to suit different tastes.


The group is discussing the design of a remote control for a TV. They are looking at current market trends and what people want from a remote control. They are considering using natural colours and different materials for the casing, such as wood or leather. They are also considering using a rubber material as part of the case, as it is durable and can withstand being dropped. The group is also considering using a rubber casing, but it may not be associated with being fancy.


The group is discussing the design of a universal remote control. They are considering adding touch screen technology to the remote, but are concerned about the cost of production. They are also considering adding other features such as a go-to button that doesn't move away from the screen and a hard plastic casing. They are also considering adding a voice command system and recognisable colours and shapes to aid recognition of the features. The group is considering the cost of production and how to make the remote more marketable.


The group is discussing the design and features of a remote control for a TV. They have decided that they will have to choose between voice recognition and touch screen technology, as both options will increase the cost of the product. They have also decided that they will not include a battery-operated voice recognition feature, as it would not be cost-effective. They will instead focus on a sleek, hand-held design that will be easy to use and attractive to look at.

The group will also be discussing the materials that will be used for the case and the design of the remote control. They will also be considering the possibility of including a backup battery in case of power failure.


The group is discussing the design of a remote control. They are considering various features such as voice recognition, buttons for basic functionality, and a menu button. They are also considering using a different material for the remote control, such as a wood-colored or earth-tone material, or a rubber material with a tactile feel. They are also considering using a slide or compartment to reveal more complicated functions. The group is aware of the cost issue and is considering using rubber buttons instead of scroll buttons.

The group is also considering using a touch screen, but they have ruled it out as it is not the primary function of a remote control. They are also considering using a non-remote-looking remote with a compartment or slide to reveal more complicated functions.


The group discussed the design of a remote control and agreed that it should be traditional in terms of buttons but with a unique casing and voice command feature. They also agreed to target the youth market and have different style cases for different people. They also discussed the prototype and will work on the basic look and feel, voice recognition and menu options. They will also work on making a prototype using prototype building materials and specific instructions will be sent by their coaches.

The next meeting will be held in half an hour to discuss the prototype further.
