The group is discussing a project to create a new remote control. They have identified the following goals: it should be original, trendy and user-friendly. They will first create a functional design, then a conceptual design, and finally a detailed design. They will also work in teams to create their favourite animal drawings. They will then discuss and close the meeting.

The group is discussing the design of a new remote control for TV. They want it to be able to control multiple devices such as DVD players and video players, but not too busy with too many buttons. They also want it to be affordable, possibly under $50 per unit. They also want to have a simple side with only the basic functions and a complicated side with more advanced functions. They also want to have a flip phone-like design where the buttons are on the back and can be easily pressed. The group also wants to have a backup plan of just designing a good TV remote that is ergonomic, simple to use, and looks decent. They also want to consider designing a remote for disabled people or those with visual impairments.

The group also discusses what will make the remote interesting to buy. They mention that it should be light, have a special design, or say "TV remote" on the front to avoid confusion.

The group discussed ideas for a remote control. They discussed having a lock function that could be activated by a flip-up lid, making it safer for children and easier to use. They also discussed having a snazzy and cool design to make it sellable. The group also discussed the responsibilities of the User Interface Designer, Industrial Designer, and Marketing Expert in the project. They discussed the overlap of their responsibilities and how they will work together to find out what people want in a remote control. The group also discussed the need to finish the meeting and the next meeting will be in thirty minutes.

The text does not provide any specific information about the outcome of the meeting or the final design of the remote control.