The group is discussing the design of a remote control for a TV. They have made three prototypes, one of which is known as the rhombus or the lightning bolt, and the other two are known as the potato and the Martian. The rhombus prototype has a power button in the middle of the on-screen menu and the potato and the Martian prototypes have different button layouts. The group will consider which prototype to choose and make a decision on the form, button layout, and colour scheme. They will also consider adding text to the device.


The group is discussing a new remote control design and how it will be used. They are considering different features such as weight, buttons, and an indicator to show when the remote is working. They also want to make sure that the remote can be easily found if it is lost. They are considering using an external device to help with this. The group is also discussing different designs and colours that could be used for the remote. They are considering using a small drawing platform to come up with ideas. The group is also considering using a device that makes a noise or light when the remote is pressed. They are considering the feasibility of this and how it would work.

The group is also discussing the budget for the project and how much it will cost to sell the remote control. They are considering making the remote control as a universal remote that can be used with many different devices. They are also considering making the remote control as a fashion accessory. The group is also discussing different ideas for the design of the remote control. They are considering making the remote control as a small, easy to use device that can be used with many different devices. They are also considering making the remote control as a device that can be used with a TV, a video recorder, a DVD player, and a satellite receiver. They are also considering making the remote control as a device that can be used with other devices.


The group is discussing the design of a remote control for a TV. The first criteria they are considering is the "fancy look and feel" of the remote. The group is asked to rate the remote on a scale of 1-7, with 1 being extremely true and 7 being not true at all. The group gives the remote a 3, 4, 2, 3, 4, 2, 4, 3, and 4 on this scale.

The next criteria is the functionality of the remote. The group is asked to rate how functional the remote is, and they give it a 1, 1, 2, 3, 2, 4, 3, and 4 on this scale.

The group is then asked if the remote is technologically innovative, and they give it a 3, 3, 4, 3, 3, 4, 3, and 4 on this scale.

The group is then asked if the remote is easy to use, and they give it a 2, 2, 3, 2, 3, 3, 3, and 4 on this scale.

Finally, the group is asked if the remote has a spongy quality and if it is made of latex or rubber, and they give it a 1, 1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 3, and 4 on this scale.

Overall, the group seems to be generally satisfied with the remote, but there is some disagreement about certain aspects of it.


The group discussed the design of a remote control for older people. They discussed the menu system and the fact that multiple buttons are used for different things might be confusing for older people. The group also discussed the ease of learning the remote and the fact that it might take five minutes to figure out. They also discussed the fact that it might be a high learning curve and that they could address this with colour. The group also discussed the simplicity of the remote and whether it would be fashionable. They also discussed the need for the remote to have a corporate logo and the fact that all of them should have the corporate logo. The group also discussed the cost of the remote and the materials used. They also discussed the case material and the special colours that would be used.


The group is discussing the design of a remote control. They have six buttons and are considering whether to make them all one color or have different colored buttons. They also discuss the material of the case and whether to use rubber or a special color. They have a budget of €12.50 and want to make sure that the cost is under this limit. They also discuss ideas for new ideas for the remote control and what they could do with it.


The group discussed the idea of kinetic batteries, which are batteries that do not need to be charged because they are powered by movement. They also discussed the possibility of using them in other products, such as watches and other devices. The group also discussed the possibility of producing the product at a budget of 12.3 Euros. They also discussed the possibility of producing a remote control that is compatible with other devices and has an LED indicator to show when it is working. The group also discussed the possibility of producing a remote control that is durable and has a device to help find it if it is lost. They also discussed the possibility of producing the product at a budget of 12.3 Euros.

The group also discussed the possibility of producing a remote control that is durable and has a device to help find it if it is lost. They also discussed the possibility of producing the product at a budget of 12.3 Euros. The group also discussed the possibility of producing a remote control that is compatible with other devices and has an LED indicator to show when it is working.


The group worked together to create different shapes and discuss how the buttons on the remote control might work and how they could improve the design. They took turns drawing animals and discussed what they would like from their remote control. They discussed the importance of durability, having a device to help find the remote control if lost, and not using too many batteries. The group also discussed the importance of making firm decisions at the end of each meeting and using another five or ten minutes if necessary. The last meeting had a lot of information but not enough time to answer every question. The group also discussed the possibility of having a robot that could walk to the TV and stick to it.


The group discussed the possibility of creating a remote control for the remote control, which would attach to the TV instead of being a separate device. The group also discussed the colour and design of the remote control, including the possibility of having a slogan on it. The group also discussed the possibility of using different colours for the buttons and the remote control itself. The group also discussed the possibility of creating a potato-shaped remote control. The group also discussed the possibility of creating a mango-shaped remote control.
